blog announcing website and discussions (#1241)
quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io: _posts/2021-12-01-website-and-discussions.adoc

---
layout: post
title: 'Website refresh and GitHub Discussions'
date: 2021-12-01
tags: announcement
synopsis: 'Website navigation have been refreshed and we are enabling GitHub discussions for community conversations'
author: maxandersen
---

:imagesdir: /assets/images/posts/website-and-discussions

Quarkus website got a refresh and we enabled GitHub discussions for community conversations.

== Website refresh

We've refreshed the look'n'feel with more contrast on pages for better readability.

Cleaned up navigation menu and made a no fuzz link:/get-started/["Getting Started"] section to show the absolute simplest set of steps to get started with Quarkus.

> And finally we now have ability for anyone with a GitHub accout to comment on the blog. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And finally we now have enabled for anyone with a GitHub account to comment on the blog. 
```

To comment scroll to the bottom of any blog entry, click "Login with GitHub" and follow the instructions and you can now post a comment.  This feature is implemented using GitHub Discussions so you will see them show up in https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/discussions[GitHub Discussion] category named https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/discussions/categories/quarkus-blog-website[Quarkus Blog/Website]

== GitHub Discussions

> Back in August we started looking into enabling GitHub discussions for community conversations. Main drivers was that we felt the community were missing a place to post about all things Quarkus - not everything is a user question or a development idea for Quarkus. In additonal all the conversations in Zulip #user chat keeps growing every day but every question answered are not discoverable by search engines. Yes, StackOverflow exist, but it has issues too - thus we needed something better. Enter GitHub Discussions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Back in August we started looking into enabling GitHub discussions for community conversations. Main drivers were that we felt the community were missing a place to post about all things Quarkus - not everything is a user question or a development idea for Quarkus. In additonal all the conversations in Zulip #user chat kept growing every day but every question answered are not discoverable by search engines. Yes, StackOverflow exist, but it has issues too - thus we needed something better. Enter GitHub Discussions.
```

[TIP]
====

> If you are interested in the details, the rationale and considerdations for GitHub discussions are described in detail in https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/pull/19479[this pull-request].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are interested in the details, the rationale and considerations for GitHub discussions are described in detail in https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/pull/19479[this pull-request].
```

====

image::githubdiscussions.png[Github Discussions for Quarkus Repository]

> Hopefully the categories are self-explantory - intent is to have an initial set of categories as a starting place for discussions. We will add more categories as we get more feedback and see how users post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hopefully the categories are self-explanatory - intent is to have an initial set of categories as a starting place for discussions. We will add more categories as we get more feedback and see how users post.
```
